1 -------------------------------------

The following question has two parts. First, answer part A. Then, answer part B.

Part A

Which statement best expresses the theme of the text?

Home may be found in an unexpected place.

Nature is the best educator of young children.

Turning your back on <demo-definition>civilization<demo-definition> is the only way to live.

You must leave your past behind in order to find yourself.

 --------------- part b ------------------------
Which sentence from the text best supports your answer in part A?

"When I first saw where we were going to live, I vacillatedbetween feeling terrified and excited."

"On my first walk around the property, I saw two horned toads, a red-tailed hawk, and some deer tracks." 

"With no street lights timed to turn on at sunset, when night came it was darker than anything I had ever experienced."

"I've been going to school in the valley, but I feel most at home up here with my wild fellow canyondwellers."


2 ----------------------------

select text ...-------------

The reader can conclude that the narrator is open to living at "the back of beyond" and accepts her new life there. Click three sentences that support this conclusion.

Our new home consisted of one bedroom, one bathroom, and one big room for everything else. A fireplace in the corner of the big room would be our sole source of heat in the winter. A swamp box (cooler) would blow a breeze over a big damp pad to keep us cool all summer, or so my father said. But it was early autumn that day, and the temperature was perfect in the shade of the oak tree. Our oak tree, I thought; I was settling in.


Mom wiped a layer of grime off the kitchen counter and muttered about getting a bottle of bleach on our next trip into town. That was the beginning of an important lesson about living in the back of beyond: you don’t just zip over to the local convenience store anytime you need something out here. You have to make a careful list and check it twice so that you don’t forget anything, because anywhere is a long way from here.


On my first walk around the property, I saw two horned toads, a red-tailed hawk, and some deer tracks.I wondered what else I might find deeper and higher in the canyon.Dad told me the real estate agent had mentioned that coyotes, bobcats, mountain lions, rattlesnakes, and even bears roamed these hills. To my surprise, I found I couldn’t wait to see them. All of them. I felt my feet taking root in the earth, claiming this place as home.


3 -----------------------------------

//////////

What is the author's message about living with nature? Use details from the text to support your answer.

Free text input
